Wait for me.
This will all be over soon
Thank you just now for helping me out
It's okay, we'll be friends from now on
But I have to apologize to you again.
I misunderstood you on the day of the party
A little too much
It's all in the past
Nothing has come back to the damage that death has caused me
It's okay, if there is anything I can help you with later
Although open
Oh, by the way, Mr. Lu, uh
Are you here to talk about cooperation with me today?
Ah, that was the plan
But you're leaving for the retrial soon.
It's not necessary.
How about I help you with the road test?
Arrange a parking space for the project manager
Mr. Lu
That's not what you really want to say.
I like talking to smart people
You divorced your side project
Did he give you 10% of the shares?
In fact, it's useless to hold this thing in your hand
Why don't you negotiate a price and transfer it to me?
How do you want to retaliate then?
No problem.
But he and I are husband and wife after all
That's not a good thing
He didn't even consider your feelings
I already have other women by my side
And he's hurt you before
Are you going to be soft-hearted again?
Okay, I have to get him punished.
I can also resell the shares to you.
Mr. Lu, my car has arrived
Then I'll go back first.
Go back
Hey mom, the fish is already hooked
It seems that our plan is about to come to fruition
First the deputy commander
Then retouch and act
Avenge my father